Add documentation for the new theming mechanism (#6697)
surveyjs/survey-library: docs/manage-default-themes-and-styles.md

---
title: Themes and Styles | SurveyJS Form Library
description: Choose from a wide selection of predefined themes or create a custom theme to give your survey a branded look.
---
# Themes & Styles

This help topic describes how to add SurveyJS UI themes to your Angular, Vue, React, Knockout, or jQuery application, switch between them, or create a custom theme for your survey.

## Add SurveyJS Themes to Your Application

> SurveyJS Form Library ships with several predefined UI themes. You can see what they look like and switch between them in [Form Library demos](https://surveyjs.io/form-library/examples/nps-question/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SurveyJS Form Library is shipped with several predefined UI themes. You can see what they look like and switch between them in [Form Library demos](https://surveyjs.io/form-library/examples/nps-question/).
```

![Themes in SurveyJS Form Library](images/survey-library-themes.png)

To use a theme, you need to reference a SurveyJS style sheet. Refer to the following sections within Get Started help topics for detailed instructions: 

- [Configure Styles in Angular](https://surveyjs.io/form-library/documentation/get-started-angular#configure-styles)
- [Configure Styles in Vue](https://surveyjs.io/form-library/documentation/get-started-vue#configure-styles)
- [Configure Styles in React](https://surveyjs.io/form-library/documentation/get-started-react#configure-styles)
- [Link SurveyJS Resources in Knockout](https://surveyjs.io/form-library/documentation/get-started-knockout#link-surveyjs-resources)
- [Link SurveyJS Resources in jQuery](https://surveyjs.io/form-library/documentation/get-started-jquery#link-surveyjs-resources)

## Apply a Predefined Theme

> Predefined themes are distributed as JSON objects that specify CSS variables and other theme settings. You can find a full list of predefined themes and their variations on GitHub: [survey-core/themes](https://github.com/surveyjs/survey-library/tree/master/src/themes). To apply a predefined theme, import its module or reference its script _after_ `survey-core`. The following code shows how to apply the Layered Dark Panelless theme by importing a module:

Reviewer 2: I would suggest adding preview images to illustrate predefined themes.
